update changelog fragment guidance with examples (#77040)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/collection_development_process.rst

A single changelog fragment may contain multiple sections but most will only contain one section. The toplevel keys (bugfixes, major_changes, and so on) are defined in the `config file <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/devel/changelogs/config.yaml>`_ for our `release note tool <https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull-changelog/blob/main/docs/changelogs.rst>`_. Here are the valid sections and a description of each:

**breaking_changes**
  MUST include changes that break existing playbooks or roles. This includes any change to existing behavior that forces users to update tasks. Breaking changes means the user MUST make a change when they update. Breaking changes MUST only happen in a major release of the collection. Write in present tense and clearly describe the new behavior that the end user must now follow. Displayed in both the changelogs and the :ref:`Porting Guides <porting_guides>`.

  .. code-block:: yaml

    breaking_changes:

>       - ec2_instance - instance wait for state behavior has changed. If plays require the old behavior of waiting for the instance monitoring status to become OK when launching a new instance, the action will need to specify ``state: started`` (https://github.com/ansible-collections/amazon.aws/pull/481).

Reviewer: This snippet seems inconsistent with the paragraph above. The explanation says to use the present tense but the example has a mixture and starts with the past tense.
Should the guidance be made clearer? Does the "present tense" request imply an imperative mood?

Author: sorry about that, updated in https://github.com/ansible/ansible/pull/77138

**major_changes**

>   Major changes to ansible-core or a collection. SHOULD not include individual module or plugin changes. MUST include non-breaking changes that impact all or most of a collection (for example, updates to support a new SDK version across the collection). Major changes mean the user can CHOOSE to make a change when they update but do not have to. Could be used to announce an important upcoming EOL or breaking change in a future release. (ideally 6 months in advance, if known. See `this example <https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/blob/stable-1/CHANGELOG.rst#v1313>`_). Write in present tense and describe what is new. Optionally, include a 'Previously..." sentence to help the user identify where old behavior should now change. Displayed in both the changelogs and the :ref:`Porting Guides <porting_guides>`.

Reviewer 2: The NOT seems important here:
```suggestion
  Major changes to ansible-core or a collection. SHOULD NOT include individual module or plugin changes. MUST include non-breaking changes that impact all or most of a collection (for example, updates to support a new SDK version across the collection). Major changes mean the user can CHOOSE to make a change when they update but do not have to. Could be used to announce an important upcoming EOL or breaking change in a future release. (ideally 6 months in advance, if known. See `this example <https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/blob/stable-1/CHANGELOG.rst#v1313>`_). Write in present tense and describe what is new. Optionally, include a 'Previously..." sentence to help the user identify where old behavior should now change. Displayed in both the changelogs and the :ref:`Porting Guides <porting_guides>`.
```

  .. code-block:: yaml

    major_changes:
      - bitbucket_* modules - client_id is no longer marked as ``no_log=true``. If you relied on its value not showing up in logs and output, mark the whole tasks with ``no_log: true`` (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/pull/2045).

**minor_changes**

>   Minor changes to ansible-core, modules, or plugins. This includes new parameters added to modules, or non-breaking behavior changes to existing parameters, such as adding additional values to choices[]. Minor changes are enhancements, not bug fixes. Write in present tense.

Reviewer 2: "adding additional" just sounds weird.
```suggestion
  Minor changes to ansible-core, modules, or plugins. This includes new parameters added to modules, or non-breaking behavior changes to existing parameters, such as adding new values to choices[]. Minor changes are enhancements, not bug fixes. Write in present tense.
```

  .. code-block:: yaml

    minor_changes:
      - nmcli - adds ``routes6`` and ``route_metric6`` parameters for supporting IPv6 routes (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/issues/4059).

**deprecated_features**

>   Features that have been deprecated and are scheduled for removal in a future release. Use past tense and include an alternative, where available for what is being deprecated.. Displayed in both the changelogs and the :ref:`Porting Guides <porting_guides>`.

Reviewer 2: Typo and suggested edits - we use "write in" instead of "use" above for present tense, let's use one or the other throughout.
```suggestion
  Features that have been deprecated and are scheduled for removal in a future release. Write in past tense. Include an alternative, where available, for the feature being deprecated. Displayed in both the changelogs and the :ref:`Porting Guides <porting_guides>`.
```

  .. code-block:: yaml

    deprecated_features:
      - mail callback plugin - not specifying ``sender`` is deprecated and will be disallowed in ``community.general`` 6.0.0 (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/pull/4140).

**removed_features**

>   Features that were previously deprecated and are now removed. Use past tense and include an alternative, where available for what is being deprecated. Displayed in both the changelogs and the :ref:`Porting Guides <porting_guides>`.

Reviewer 2: Same here:
```suggestion
  Features that were previously deprecated and are now removed. Write in past tense. Include an alternative, where available, for the feature being deprecated. Displayed in both the changelogs and the :ref:`Porting Guides <porting_guides>`.
```

  .. code-block:: yaml

    removed_features:
      - acme_account_facts - the deprecated redirect has been removed. Use ``community.crypto.acme_account_info`` instead (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.crypto/pull/290).

**security_fixes**

>   Fixes that address CVEs or resolve security concerns. MUST use security_fixes for any CVEs. Use present tense. Include links to CVE information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Fixes that address CVEs or resolve security concerns. MUST use security_fixes for any CVEs. Write in present tense. Include links to CVE information.
```

  .. code-block:: yaml

    security_fixes:
      - win_psexec - ensure password is masked in ``psexec_``command return result (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.windows/issues/43).

**bugfixes**

>   Fixes that resolve issues. SHOULD not be used for minor enhancements (use ``minor_change`` instead). Use past tense to describe the problem and present tense to describe the fix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Fixes that resolve issues. SHOULD NOT be used for minor enhancements (use ``minor_change`` instead). Write in past tense to describe the problem and present tense to describe the fix.
```

  .. code-block:: yaml

    bugfixes:

>       - apt_repository - fix crash caused by ``cache.update()`` raising an ``IOError`` due to a timeout in ``apt update`` (https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/51995).

Reviewer 2: This example doesn't follow the rules - can we find one that does? Or else edit this one to match? Maybe: "Fixes crash caused by a timeout. The `cache.update()` method was raising `IOError` because of a timeout  in 'apt update'."?

Author: fixed, thanks!

>       - apt_repository - fix crash caused by ``cache.update()`` raising an ``IOError`` due to a timeout in ``apt update`` (https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/51995).

Author: ```suggestion
      - apt_repository - fix crash caused by  a timeout. The ``cache.update()`` was raising an ``IOError`` because of a timeout in ``apt update`` (https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/51995).
```

**known_issues**

>   Known issues that are currently not fixed or will not be fixed. Use present tense and where available, use imperative tense for a workaround.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Known issues that are currently not fixed or will not be fixed. Write in present tense to describe the problem and in imperative tense to describe any available workaround.
```

  .. code-block:: yaml

    known_issues:

>       - idrac_user - module may error out with the message unable to perform the import or export operation because there are pending attribute changes or a configuration job is in progress. Wait for the job to complete and run the task again.(https://github.com/dell/dellemc-openmanage-ansible-modules/pull/303).

Reviewer 2: Not sure which part of this is the error message, should we call it out? 
```suggestion
      - idrac_user - module may error out with the message ``unable to perform the import or export operation`` because there are pending attribute changes or a configuration job is in progress. Wait for the job to complete and run the task again.(https://github.com/dell/dellemc-openmanage-ansible-modules/pull/303).
```
